README.md, before:

# Project: Titanic Survival Exploration
## Machine Learning 

To see the project refer to *titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb* file.

### Install

This project requires **Python 2.7** and the following Python libraries installed:

- [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/)
- [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org)
- [matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org/)
- [scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/)

You will also need to have software installed to run and execute a [Jupyter Notebook](http://ipython.org/notebook.html)

If you do not have Python installed yet, it is highly recommended that you install the [Anaconda](http://continuum.io/downloads) distribution of Python, which already has the above packages and more included. Make sure that you select the Python 2.7 installer and not the Python 3.x installer.

### Code

Template code is provided in the notebook `titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb` notebook file. Additional supporting code can be found in `visuals.py`. While some code has already been implemented to get you started, you will need to implement additional functionality when requested to successfully complete the project. Note that the code included in `visuals.py` is meant to be used out-of-the-box and not intended for students to manipulate. If you are interested in how the visualizations are created in the notebook, please feel free to explore this Python file.

### Run

In a terminal or command window, navigate to the top-level project directory `titanic_survival_exploration/` (that contains this README) and run one of the following commands:

```bash
jupyter notebook titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb
```
or
```bash
ipython notebook titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb
```

This will open the Jupyter Notebook software and project file in your web browser.

### Data

The dataset used in this project is included as `titanic_data.csv`. This dataset is provided by Udacity and contains the following attributes:

**Features**
- `pclass` : Passenger Class (1 = 1st; 2 = 2nd; 3 = 3rd)
- `name` : Name
- `sex` : Sex
- `age` : Age
- `sibsp` : Number of Siblings/Spouses Aboard
- `parch` : Number of Parents/Children Aboard
- `ticket` : Ticket Number
- `fare` : Passenger Fare
- `cabin` : Cabin
- `embarked` : Port of Embarkation (C = Cherbourg; Q = Queenstown; S = Southampton)

**Target Variable**
- `survival` : Survival (0 = No; 1 = Yes)

Commit message:

docs: Edit README.md to include Overview section
Details about the project objectives and problem statement, our approach and implementation towards a solution are added to the overview section of README.md file.

README.md, after:

# Project: Titanic Survival Exploration
## Machine Learning 

To see the project refer to `titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb` file.

### Overview

In this project, I created decision functions that attempt to predict survival outcomes from the 1912 Titanic disaster based on each passenger’s features, such as sex and age. I started with a simple algorithm and increased its complexity until I was able to accurately predict the outcomes for at least 80% of the passengers in the provided data. 

### Install

This project requires **Python 2.7** and the following Python libraries installed:

- [NumPy](http://www.numpy.org/)
- [Pandas](http://pandas.pydata.org)
- [matplotlib](http://matplotlib.org/)
- [scikit-learn](http://scikit-learn.org/stable/)

You will also need to have software installed to run and execute a [Jupyter Notebook](http://ipython.org/notebook.html)

If you do not have Python installed yet, it is highly recommended that you install the [Anaconda](http://continuum.io/downloads) distribution of Python, which already has the above packages and more included. Make sure that you select the Python 2.7 installer and not the Python 3.x installer.

### Code

Template code is provided in the notebook `titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb` notebook file. Additional supporting code can be found in `visuals.py`. While some code has already been implemented to get you started, you will need to implement additional functionality when requested to successfully complete the project. Note that the code included in `visuals.py` is meant to be used out-of-the-box and not intended for students to manipulate. If you are interested in how the visualizations are created in the notebook, please feel free to explore this Python file.

### Run

In a terminal or command window, navigate to the top-level project directory `titanic_survival_exploration/` (that contains this README) and run one of the following commands:

```bash
jupyter notebook titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb
```
or
```bash
ipython notebook titanic_survival_exploration.ipynb
```

This will open the Jupyter Notebook software and project file in your web browser.

### Data

The dataset used in this project is included as `titanic_data.csv`. This dataset is provided by Udacity and contains the following attributes:

**Features**
- `pclass` : Passenger Class (1 = 1st; 2 = 2nd; 3 = 3rd)
- `name` : Name
- `sex` : Sex
- `age` : Age
- `sibsp` : Number of Siblings/Spouses Aboard
- `parch` : Number of Parents/Children Aboard
- `ticket` : Ticket Number
- `fare` : Passenger Fare
- `cabin` : Cabin
- `embarked` : Port of Embarkation (C = Cherbourg; Q = Queenstown; S = Southampton)

**Target Variable**
- `survival` : Survival (0 = No; 1 = Yes)
